Terms and conditions

1. DEFINITIONS AND TERMS
   SSIF - is the investment firm GOLDRING S.A., authorized by ASF Authorization no. 108/11.09.2019 and registered in the ASF Register under no. PJR01SSIF260045, Certificate no. 372/29.05.2006, with registered office in Tg Mureș, Tudor Vladimirescu st., no. 56A, Mansardă, jud. Mureș, Romania, with fiscal code RO10679295 and commercial register number J26/440/1998.
   Customer/User - can be any person over 18 years of age or legal entity who has or obtains access to the CONTENT, through any means of communication made available by the SSIF (paper, online, etc.) or under a contract existing with the SSIF that requires the creation and use of an Account. Subsequently, the client becomes a user by completing the process of creating an Account and agrees to the specific terms of the Intermediary Agreement, Order Execution Policy, Presentation Document.
   Account Info - section consisting of an e-mail address and a password, which allows the Client to send an instruction and contains information about the Client and the history of his/her requests and correspondence with the SSIF (Requests, Tax Invoices, Account Opening Documents, Periodic Reports, Analyses, etc.). The User is responsible for and will ensure that all information entered when creating the Account is correct, complete and up-to-date.
   Contract - means the remote contract concluded between the SSIF and the Client without their simultaneous physical presence or the contract concluded on paper between the SSIF and the Client.
   Content - represents:
   "	all information on the Site and in the Account Info that can be accessed, viewed or otherwise accessed using electronic equipment;
   "	the content of any e-mail sent to Clients by the SSIF by electronic means and/or any other available means of communication;
   "	any information communicated by any means whatsoever by an employee/collaborator of the SSIF to the Client in accordance with the contact information, whether or not specified by the Client;
   "	information related to the Services and/or fees charged by the SSIF in a given period;
   "	information relating to the Services and/or the fees charged by a third party with which the Customer has concluded partnership agreements, in a given period;
   "	data relating to the SSIF, or other privileged data of the SSIF.
   Answer - written information that is sent to the User/Customer who has asked a Question on the Site/Customer Account on the page of a particular Service.
   Document - these Terms and Conditions, the Brokerage Agreement and any related documents arising therefrom.
   Commercial Communications - any type of message sent (such as email/SMS/phone/mobile push/webpush/etc.) containing general and thematic information, information on services similar or complementary to those you have purchased, information on offers or promotions as well as other commercial communications such as market research and opinion polls.
   Transaction - the collection or reimbursement of an amount resulting from the sale of a Service by the SSIF to the Client using the services of the card processor agreed by the SSIF, regardless of the method of delivery.
   Specifications - all specifications and/or descriptions of the Services as specified in the description of the Services.
   Requests - a request made by the Client to the SSIF via the electronic forms in the Client Account.
   Services - any content, features, technologies or functions and all related websites, applications and services that SSIF provides to the Customer.

2. CONTRACTUAL DOCUMENTS
   2.1. By signing a contract with the SSIF, the Client agrees to the form of communication (recorded phone call or e-mail) by which the SSIF conducts its business operations.
   2.2. The notification received by the Client after the transaction has been carried out shall confirm the execution of the transaction. This notification is made electronically (e-mail/Customer Account), on a durable medium.
   2.3. The Agreement shall be deemed to be concluded between the SSIF and the Client upon receipt by the Client from the SSIF, via e-mail, of the account activation notice or a copy of the Intermediary Agreement.
   2.4. The documents and information made available by the SSIF on the Website/Account Info shall form the basis of the Contract.

3. ONLINE SALES POLICY
   3.1. Access to make a Request is granted to any Customer who has access to the Account Info or on the basis of the documents on the website.
   For justified reasons, SSIF reserves the right to restrict the Client's access to make a Request and/or to some of the accepted payment methods, if it considers that based on the Client's conduct or activity on the Site/Account Info, the Client's actions could harm SSIF in any way. In any of these cases, the Customer may contact the Compliance Department of the SSIF to be informed of the reasons that led to the application of the aforementioned measures.
   3.2. Communication with the SSIF can be done through direct interaction, including online support (Live Chat) or through the addresses mentioned in the "Contact" section of the Website and in the "Requests" section of the Account Info. The SSIF is free to handle the information received without having to provide justification for it.
   3.3. The SSIF may publish on the Site information about Services and/or promotions offered by the SSIF or by any other third party with which the SSIF has service outsourcing contracts in a given period of time.
   3.4 All charges for the Services presented on the Site are in the currency in which they are charged and include VAT (where applicable).
   3.5. In case of online payments SSIF is not/cannot be held responsible for any other additional costs incurred by the Client, including but not limited to transfer fees/charges, currency conversion fees applied by the issuing bank of the Client's card, if the issuing currency of the card differs from RON. The Customer is solely responsible for this action.
   3.6. All information used to describe the Services available on the Site (static/dynamic images/multimedia presentations/etc.) does not represent a contractual obligation on the part of the SSIF and is used solely for presentation purposes.

4. ASSIGNMENT AND SUBCONTRACTING
   4.1. SSIF may assign and/or subcontract a third party for Services related to the performance of the Service provided, with the Client's information, without the Client's consent. SSIF shall always be liable to the Client for all contractual obligations.

5. INTELLECTUAL AND INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY LAW
   5.1. The content, as defined in the preamble, including but not limited to logos, stylized representations, commercial symbols, static images, dynamic images, text and/or multimedia content presented on the Site/Info Account, are the exclusive property of SSIF, to which all rights obtained in this respect directly or indirectly (through licenses of use and/or publication) are reserved.
   5.2 The Customer is not permitted to copy, distribute, publish, transfer to third parties, modify and/or otherwise alter, use, link to, display, include any Content in any context other than as originally intended by SSIF, include any Content outside of the Site/Account Info, remove SSIF's copyright notices from the Content, or participate in the transfer, sale, distribution of any materials made by reproducing, modifying or displaying the Content, except with the express written consent of SSIF.
   5.3 Any Content to which the Customer has and/or obtains access by any means whatsoever is subject to the Document, unless the Content is accompanied by a specific and valid user agreement between the SSIF and the Customer, and without any express or implied warranty by the SSIF with respect to that Content.
   5.4. The Customer may copy, transfer and/or use the Content only for personal or non-commercial purposes, provided that they do not conflict with the provisions of the Document.
   5.5. If SSIF grants the Customer the right to use, in the form described in a separate user agreement, specific content to which the Customer/User has or obtains access as a result of this agreement, this right extends only to that content or those contents defined in the agreement, only for the period of its or those contents' existence on the site or the period defined in the agreement, under the defined conditions, if they exist and do not represent a contractual commitment on the part of the SSIF to the Customer or any other third party who has/obtains access to such content transferred, by whatever means and who could be or is in any way prejudiced by such content, during or after the termination of the User Agreement.
   5.6 No Content transmitted to the Client by any means of communication (electronic, telephonic, etc.) or acquired by the Client by accessing and/or viewing shall constitute a contractual obligation on the part of the SSIF and/or the employee/apprentice of the SSIF who facilitated the transfer of the Content, if any, with respect to such Content.
   5.7. Any use of the Content for purposes other than those expressly permitted by this Document or the accompanying User Agreement, if any, is prohibited.

6. APPLICATION
   6.1. The client can make Requests by e-mail at goldring@goldring.ro and/or from the Account Info, by accessing one of the forms provided by the SSIF in the respective section, and will be able to track the status of the request by accessing the Request History. Once a request has been added, it is considered final and sent for processing to the Backoffice Department of the SSIF.  Making a Request, in the absence of finalisation of the Request, does not entail the registration of a Request, nor does it entail a response to it.
   6.2. By completing the Application, the Customer consents that all data provided for the application process is correct, complete and true at the time of placing the Request.
   6.3. By completing the Application, the Customer consents that the SSIF may contact the Customer, by any means available/agreeable through the account opening documentation, in any situation where it is necessary to contact the Customer.
   6.4. The SSIF may cancel the Application made by the Client, following prior notice to the Client, without any subsequent obligation of either party to the other or without either party being able to claim damages/interests from the other in the event that the data provided by the Client on the Account Info is incomplete and/or incorrect.
   6.5. The Client shall have the right to withdraw from the Contract within 14 days without giving any reason and without paying any fees other than those for which services have been rendered.
   6.6 If the Customer decides to withdraw from the Contract, he/she may complete the account closure form online from the Account Info or send an e-mail requesting this.
   6.7 If a Service for which the Client has signed a contract with the SSIF cannot be provided by the SSIF, the SSIF shall inform the Client of this fact and of the reasons for the inability to provide the Service and shall refund the amounts due after deduction of all fees and commissions.

7. PRIVACY
   7.1. The SSIF will keep confidential the information of any nature you provide. Disclosure of the information provided will only be possible under the conditions set out in this Document.
   7.2. No public statement, promotion, press release or any other disclosure to third parties shall be made by the Client in relation to the Contract/Solicitation without the prior written consent of SSIF.
   7.3. By submitting information or materials through this site, you grant SSIF unrestricted and irrevocable access to, and the right to use, reproduce, display, modify, transmit and distribute such materials or information. You also agree that SSIF may freely use, for its own purposes, such information, ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you have submitted to us through the Site/Info Account. SSIF will not be subject to any obligations regarding the confidentiality of the information submitted, unless otherwise specified by applicable law.

8. COMMERCIAL COMMUNICATIONS
   8.1. The Client may at any time change their option regarding the agreement given to the SSIF for Commercial Communications (direct marketing agreement) containing general and thematic information including information on offers or promotions by filling in a Request (Data Update Form) in the Account Info.
   8.2. To improve the Service offering and the shopping experience, we will use your data to conduct market research and surveys. The information obtained from such market research and opinion polls will not be used for advertising purposes but only for the purposes mentioned above. Your responses to market research and opinion polls will not be associated with your identity and will not be passed on to third parties or published. You may object to the use of your data for market research and opinion survey purposes at any time by accessing the unsubscribe link displayed in the message or by contacting SSIF.

9. INVOICING - PAYMENT
   9.1. The prices of the Services displayed on the www.goldring.ro website include VAT according to the legislation in force (where applicable).
   9.2. The price, method of payment and payment term are specified in the Contract and/or in the Schedule of Fees and Charges and on the Website. SSIF shall issue the Client an invoice for the Services delivered, which invoice shall be cancelled by clearing the available funds in the trading account and for card payment by cancelling the invoice issued to the Client.
   9.3 The SSIF shall send the Client the invoice for the provision of services exclusively in electronic format, by adding the invoice to the Account Info or by electronic mail to the e-mail address specified by the Client in his/her Account.
   9.4. In order to communicate the invoice correctly, the Customer is obliged to update the data in the Account Info whenever necessary.
   9.5. Through this way of communication, the Client, by accessing his Account, will have a record of the invoices issued by the SSIF, being able to save and archive them at any time and in any way he/she wishes.
   9.6. By initiating payment by card, the Customer agrees to receive invoices in electronic format by having them added by the SSIF to the Info Account or by electronic mail to the e-mail address specified in their Account.
   9.7. If this information is unavailable for more than 48 (forty-eight) hours in Info Account, please notify us by e-mail: suport@goldring.ro.
   9.8. The methods of payment for the services offered by the SSIF are:
   - by bank transfer;
   - by using payment links;
   - by cash deposit up to 10.000 RON/day;
   - by card payment.
   9.9 The services that can be paid for online are those services provided by the SSIF that arise from the Intermediary Agreement concluded between the Client and the SSIF.

10. PROVISION AND DELIVERY OF SERVICES
    10.1 The conditions for the provision of services by the SSIF can be found in the Presentation Document and the Order Execution Policy.
    10.2 The delivery of services is made in the following cases:
    - for Clients, the services are available from the moment their trading account has been credited to the trading platform;
    - for the person who has completed the online enrolment process, the services are available from the moment he/she receives the login data for accessing the Account Info.
    - for the purchase of a gift, the services are available when the beneficiary activates the card and implicitly when he/she receives the login data for accessing the Account Info.

11. RETURN/CANCELLATION OF SERVICE PAYMENT POLICY
    11.1 The SSIF shall return/cancel payment for services performed by clients in the following situations:
    "	within 14 days from the date of the termination of the contract, the Client may request unilateral termination in accordance with Art. 3.6 a) of the Brokerage Contract, without justification of the withdrawal decision and without having to pay penalty fees. The return of funds can only be made if the Client has not debited the Client Account opened with Goldring by making a purchase transaction, in which case he will schedule a cash withdrawal from InfoCont or the Trading Platform.
    "	in the event of non-validation of the Client within 30 days of the completion of the enrolment process for reasons imputable to the Client (illegible, incomplete, late documents, etc.).
    "	in the case of a gift card offer, if it is not used within 90 days of the offer.
    11.2. Funds credited to the client's account on the trading platform can only be returned by making an appointment for payment by the client in Account Info or on the trading platform.

12. ANSWER
    12.1 SSIF shall not be liable for any damages of any kind which the Customer or any third party may suffer as a result of the performance by SSIF of any of its obligations under the Contract and for damages arising out of the use of the Services after their performance.
    12.2. By creating and using InfoCont, the Customer assumes responsibility for maintaining the confidentiality of the Account data (user and password) and for managing access to the Account and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, is responsible for the activity carried out through his/her Account.
    12.3. By creating the Account and/or using the Content and/or placing Requests, the Customer expressly and unequivocally accepts the Terms and Conditions of the Site/Account Info in the latest updated version that is communicated within the Site/Account Info, existing at the date of creation of the Account and/or use of the Content and/or at the date of placing the Request.
    12.4 SSIF reserves the right to periodically update and amend the Terms and Conditions of the Site/Customer Account to reflect any changes in the manner and conditions of operation of the Site/Account Info or any changes in legal requirements. The document shall be binding on Customers/Users from the time of posting on the Site/Account Info.  In the event of any such changes, we will post on the Site/Account Info the amended version of the Document, so please check the content of this Document periodically.

13. PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
    13.1. The personal data processing policy can be consulted on the website www.goldring.ro.

14. COOKIE USAGE
    14.1. The Cookie Policy can be found at www.goldring.ro.

15. MAJOR STRENGTH
    15.1. Neither party shall be liable for non-performance of its contractual obligations if such non-performance on time and/or properly, in whole or in part, is due to an event of absolute necessity. An absolute necessity is an unforeseeable event beyond the control of the parties and which cannot be avoided.
    15.2. If within 15 (fifteen) days from the date of occurrence of the event, the event does not cease, each party shall be entitled to notify the other party of the termination of the contract without either party being entitled to claim any further damages/interests.

16. APPLICABLE LAW - JURISDICTION
    16.1. This contract is subject to Romanian law. Any disputes arising between the SSIF and Users/Customers shall be settled amicably or, if this is not possible, the disputes shall be settled by the competent Romanian courts in the Municipality of Tg. Mureș.

17. USER-GENERATED CONTRIBUTIONS
    17.1 The Site or Mobile Apps may invite you to discuss, contribute to or participate in blogs, message boards, online forums and other functionality and may provide you with the ability to create, submit, post, display, transmit, perform, publish, distribute or broadcast content and materials to us or on the Site, including but not limited to text, writing, video, audio, photos, graphics, comments, suggestions or personal information or other materials. Contributions may be viewed by other users of the Site or mobile applications and through third party websites. As such, any Contributions you submit may be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. When creating or making any Contributions available, you represent and warrant that:
    "	Creating, distributing, transmitting, publicly displaying or performing, and accessing, downloading or copying your Contributions does not and will not infringe the proprietary rights, including, but not limited to, copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets or moral rights of any third party.
    "	You are the creator and owner of, or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, releases and permissions to use and authorize us, the Site, and other users of the Site to use your Submissions in any manner contemplated by the Site and these Terms of Use.
    "	You have the written consent, release and/or permission of each identifiable individual in your Contributions to use the name or likeness of each such identifiable individual to enable the inclusion and use of your Contributions in any manner provided for by the Site and these Terms of Use.
    "	Your contributions are not false, inaccurate or misleading.
    "	Your contributions do not constitute unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, pyramid schemes, chain letters, spam, mass mailings or other forms of solicitation.
    "	Your contributions are not obscene, lewd, violent, harassing, libellous, defamatory or otherwise objectionable (as determined by us).
    "	Your contributions do not ridicule, mock, denigrate, intimidate or abuse anyone.
    "	Your contributions do not advocate the violent overthrow of any government, nor do they incite, encourage or threaten physical harm against another person.
    "	Your contributions do not violate any applicable laws, regulations or rules.
    "	Your contributions do not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party.
    "	Your contributions do not contain any material that solicits personal information from persons under the age of 18 or exploits persons under the age of 18 in a sexual or violent manner.
    "	Your contributions do not violate any applicable laws regarding child pornography or aimed at protecting the health or welfare of minors.
    "	Your contributions do not include any offensive comments related to race, national origin, gender, sexual preference or physical disability.
    "	Your Contributions do not otherwise violate or link to material that violates any provision of these Terms of Use or any applicable law or regulation.
    17.2 By posting your Contributions to any part of the Site, mobile app or by making your Contributions accessible on the Site or mobile app by linking your account to any of your social media accounts, you automatically grant to us, and represent and warrant that you have the right to grant to us, an unrestricted, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free, fully paid, worldwide right and license to host, use, copy, reproduce, disclose, sell, resell, publish, broadcast, rebroadcast, remix, archive, store (in cache), publicly display, reformat, translate, transmit, extract (in whole or in part) and distribute such contributions (including, without limitation, your image and voice.) for any purpose whatsoever, commercial, advertising or otherwise, and to prepare derivative works or incorporate into other works such contributions, and to grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing. Use and distribution may occur in any media format and through any media channel.
    17.3 This license shall apply in any form, medium or technology now known or hereafter developed and includes the use by us of your name, company name and franchise name, as applicable, and any trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos and personal and commercial images you provide. You waive all moral rights in your Contributions and warrant that no moral rights have been otherwise asserted in your Contributions.
    17.4 We do not claim any ownership rights to your Contributions. You retain full ownership of all your Contributions and any intellectual property or other proprietary rights associated with your Contributions. We are not responsible for any statements or representations in your Contributions provided by you in any area of the Site. You are solely responsible for your Contributions on the Site, and you expressly agree to hold us harmless and refrain from any legal action against us with respect to your Contributions.

    17.4 We have the right, in our sole and absolute discretion, (1) to edit, rewrite or otherwise modify any Contributions; (2) to recategorize any Contributions to place them in more appropriate locations on the Site; and (3) to pre-select or delete any Contributions at any time and for any reason, without prior notice. We have no obligation to monitor your Contributions.

18. LICENSE FOR MOBILE APPLICATIONS
    18.1 If you access the Services via a Mobile App, we grant you a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to install and use the Mobile App on wireless electronic devices owned or controlled by you, and to access and use the Mobile App on such devices strictly in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Mobile App license contained in these Terms of Use. You may not: (1) decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive source code from, or decrypt the App; (2) make any modifications, adaptations, enhancements, translations, or derivative works of the App; (3) violate any applicable law, rule, or regulation in connection with your access to or use of the App; (4) remove, alter or obscure any proprietary notices (including any copyright or trademark notices) posted by us or the licensors of the App; (5) use the App for any revenue-generating endeavor, commercial enterprise or other purpose for which it is not designed or intended; (6) make the App available on a network or other medium that allows access or use by multiple devices or users at the same time; (7) use the App to create a product, service, or software that directly or indirectly competes with or in any way replaces the App; (8) use the App to send automated queries to any website or to send any unsolicited commercial e-mail; or (9) use any of our proprietary information or any of our interfaces or other intellectual property in the design, development, manufacture, licensing or distribution of any applications, accessories or devices for use with the App.
    18.2 The following terms apply when you use a mobile application obtained from either the Apple Store or Google Play (each being an "App Reseller") to access the Site: (1) the license granted to you for our mobile app is limited to a non-transferable license to use the app on a device using the Apple iOS or Android operating systems, as applicable, and in accordance with the usage rules set forth in the applicable App Reseller's terms of service; (2) we are responsible for providing any maintenance and support services with respect to the Mobile App as specified in the terms and conditions of this Mobile App License contained in these Terms of Use or as required under applicable law, and you acknowledge that each App Reseller has no obligation to provide maintenance and support services with respect to the Mobile App; (3) if the Mobile App does not conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify the applicable App Reseller, and the App Reseller, in accordance with its terms and policies, may refund the purchase price, if any, paid for the Mobile App and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the App Reseller shall have no further warranty obligations with respect to the Mobile App; (4) you represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a government embargo or that has been designated as a "terrorist supporting" country and (ii) you are not included on any international sanctions list; (5) you must comply with the terms of the applicable third party agreement when using the Mobile App, for example, if you have a VoIP App, then you must not violate their wireless data services agreement when using the Mobile App; and (6) you acknowledge and agree that the App Resellers are third party beneficiaries of the terms and conditions of this Mobile App License contained in these Terms of Use and that each App Reseller shall have the right (and shall be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the terms and conditions of this Mobile App License contained in these Terms of Use against you as a third party beneficiary thereof.

19. SOCIAL MEDIA
    19.1 As part of the functionality of certain services, you may link your account with online accounts you have with third party service providers (each such account, a "Third Party Account") by either: (1) providing your Third Party Account login information through the Site; or (2) allowing us to access your Third Party Account as permitted under the applicable terms and conditions governing your use of each Third Party Account. You represent and warrant that you have the right to disclose your Third Party Account login information to us and/or grant us access to your Third Party Account without violating any of the terms and conditions governing your use of the applicable Third Party Account and without obligating us to pay any fees or subjecting us to any usage limitations imposed by the Third Party Account service provider. By granting us access to any Third Party Account, you understand that (1) we may access, make available and store (if applicable) any content that you have provided and stored in your Third Party Account (the "Social Network Content") so that it is available on and through the Site through your account, including, but not limited to, any friends list, and (2) we may send and receive from the Third Party Account additional information to the extent you are notified when you connect your account with the Third Party Account. Depending on the Third Party Accounts you choose and subject to the privacy settings you have set in those Third Party Accounts personally identifiable information you post in the Third Party Accounts may be available on and through your account on the Site. Please note that if a Third Party Account or related service becomes unavailable or if our access to such Third Party Account is terminated by the Third Party Service Provider, Social Network Content may no longer be available on and through the Site. You will have the ability to disable the connection between your account on the Site and Third Party Accounts at any time. Please note that your relationship with third party service providers associated with your Third Party Accounts is governed solely by your agreement(s) with such third party service providers. We make no effort to review any Social Network Content for any purpose, including, but not limited to, for accuracy, legality or non-compliance with law, and are not responsible for any Social Network Content. You acknowledge and agree that we may access your e-mail address book associated with a Third Party Account and your contact list stored on your mobile device or tablet computer solely for the purpose of identifying and informing you of those contacts who have also registered to use the Service. You may disable the connection between the Site and your Third Party Account by contacting us using the contact information below or through your account settings (if applicable). We will attempt to delete all information stored on our servers that was obtained through such Third Party Account, except for the username and profile picture that become associated with your account.

